README.md, before:

# kirox

A collection of free web based games, puzzles and apps.
Targets mainly kids and casual users.

https://oyo.github.io/kirox/

There is an Android app to play mobile in full screen mode
https://github.com/oyo/kirox-app/releases/latest

### Currently Implemented

- [Same](https://oyo.github.io/kirox/?page=same) - inspired by [SameGame](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SameGame)
- [Word Mix](https://oyo.github.io/kirox/?page=wordmix) - arrange letters of german words

### WIP or Planned

- Minesweeper
- Klondike
- Mahjong
- Tetris
- Sokoban
- Pentominos
- Block Escape
- Three-in-a-row
- Tower Defense
- Breakout
- ...

### Local Setup

```bash
yarn
yarn dev
# press o + enter
```

### Why

I spend a considerable amount of my time waiting on train stations or airports
and even more time on trains, airplanes or buses. During those times when you can't
or don't want to do start anything productive I like to play some casual games.
There are a lot of games out there but I found most of them annoying - full of ads,
pushing you to buy full version or daily login, huge install bundles, content
disappointing, etc.
So I decided to implement a collection of some simple web games for myself.
All of them:

- no ads
- small size
- easy to use
- minimal loading time
- playable 100% offline (after initial load)
- mobile first but can be used on a computer
- no runtime dependencies
- no rewards for playing more often
- open source with permissive license
- appealing presentation (that's what I tried at least...)

Commit message:

fix: some wordmix bugs and added longer word list

README.md, after:

# Kirox

A collection of free web based games, puzzles and apps.
Targets mainly kids and casual users.

https://oyo.github.io/kirox/

There is an Android app to play mobile in full screen mode
https://github.com/oyo/kirox-app/releases/latest

### Currently Available

- [Same](https://oyo.github.io/kirox/?page=same) - inspired by [SameGame](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SameGame)
- [WordMix](https://oyo.github.io/kirox/?page=wordmix) - arrange letters of german words
- [Minesweeper](https://oyo.github.io/kirox/?page=minesweeper) - another [classic Minesweeper](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minesweeper_(video_game)>) clone

### WIP or Planned

- Klondike
- Mahjong
- Tetris
- Sokoban
- Pentominos
- Block Escape
- Three-in-a-row
- Tower Defense
- Breakout
- ...

### Local Setup

```bash
yarn
yarn dev
# press o + enter
```

### About

A collection of classic casual games to waste time when there's nothing better to do.

Design goals:

- free
- no ads
- small size
- easy to use
- minimal loading time
- playable offline (after initial load)
- mobile first but can be played on a computer
- no runtime dependencies
- no rewards for playing more often
- open source with permissive license
- appealing presentation (I tried at least...)

### Credits

Thanks to the original authors for some resources.

- List of german nouns loaded from WordMix: https://github.com/cpos/AlleDeutschenWoerter
